Adding sitemap index to the root file (#15)
vtex-apps/store-locator: docs/README.md

The new page already contains a default template with all blocks exported by the Store Locator app, meaning that the `/stores` page is ready to be rendered and no further actions are required. However, you can **customize the new page overwriting the template by creating a brand new one as you wish**. To do so, check the **Advanced configurations** section below.

> This app will also add a new entry to the `/sitemap.xml` file to make all your Stores accessible to the Search Engines.
> 
> Make sure you have the `vtex.store-sitemap@2.x` App installed on your account to make use of the sitemap feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ℹ️ *This app will also **add a new entry to your store's `/sitemap.xml` file in order to have all the pickup points available to the search engines** - make sure you already have the `vtex.store-sitemap@2.x` app installed in your VTEX account!*
```

|      Block name      |                                            Description                                             |
| :------------------: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
|     `store-list`     |               Renders a list of retail stores and a map with all their localization.               |
|    `store-group`     | Provides the pickup point data to other blocks exported by the app, such as the ones listed below. |
|     `store-name`     |                                      Renders the store name.                                       |
|  `store-back-link`   |                           Renders a link to return to the previous page.                           |
|     `store-map`      |                         Renders a map with the retail store localization.                          |
|   `store-address`    |                                    Renders the store's address.                                    |
|    `store-hours`     |                                 Renders the store's opening hours.                                 |

> | `store-instructions` |                    Renders the desired instructions to access the retail store.                    |

Reviewer: No need to add the extra space :) The former version is better to read and edit the file, and it works just fine once rendered!

}
```

4. Configure each one of the blocks previously declared as you wish using their props (check out the following tables).

#### `store-list`

|   Prop name   |   Type   |                                    Description                                    |     Default value     |
| :-----------: | :------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-------------------: |
| `filterByTag` | `string` |      Desired tags to filter the Pickup Points fetched and displayed. You can      |      `undefined`      |
|    `icon`     | `string` | Icon URL (`svg` or `png`) to be displayed alongside with the `store-list` blocks. |   Google's default.   |
|  `iconWidth`  | `number` |                           Icon width in pixels (`px`).                            | Image default width.  |

> | `iconHeight`  | `number` |                           Icon height in pixels (`px`).                           | Image default height. |

Reviewer: No need to add the extra space :) The former version is better to read and edit the file, and it works just fine once rendered!

#### `store-group` props

|    Prop name    |   Type   |                                                          Description                                                           | Default value |
| :-------------: | :------: | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----------: |
|     `title`     | `string` | Text to be displayed alongside with the store name. Use `{storeName}` as value to display the store's accurate name on the UI. | `{storeName}` |
| `imageSelector` | `string` |                                CSS Selector that will wrap all the images displayed on the UI.                                 |  `undefined`  |

> | `phoneSelector` | `string` |                             CSS Selector that will wrap all the phone numbers displayed on the UI.                             |  `undefined`  |

Reviewer: No need to add the extra space :) The former version is better to read and edit the file, and it works just fine once rendered!

> ⚠️ _Both `imageSelector` and `phoneSelector` must be declared with valid values in order to provide Structured Data for SEO purposes._

#### `store-name` props

| Prop name |   Type   |                                                          Description                                                           | Default value |
| :-------: | :------: | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----------: |
|  `text`   | `string` | Text to be displayed alongside with the store name. Use `{storeName}` as value to display the store's accurate name on the UI. | `{storeName}` |

> |   `tag`   | `string` |                              HTML element to wrap the `store-name` block when rendered on the UI.                              |     `div`     |

Reviewer: No need to add the extra space :) The former version is better to read and edit the file, and it works just fine once rendered!

#### `store-back-link` props

| Prop name |   Type   |                          Description                          |    Default value     |
| :-------: | :------: | :-----------------------------------------------------------: | :------------------: |

> |  `label`  | `string` | Entitles the `store-back-link` block when rendered on the UI. | `Back to all stores` |

Reviewer: No need to add the extra space :) The former version is better to read and edit the file, and it works just fine once rendered!

#### `store-map` props

| Prop name |   Type   |         Description          | Default value |
| :-------: | :------: | :--------------------------: | :-----------: |
|  `width`  | `string` | Map width in pixels (`px`).  |    `100%`     |

> | `height`  | `string` | Map height in pixels (`px`). |    `200px`    |

Reviewer: No need to add the extra space :) The former version is better to read and edit the file, and it works just fine once rendered!

#### `store-address` props

| Prop name |   Type   |                         Description                         |  Default value  |
| :-------: | :------: | :---------------------------------------------------------: | :-------------: |

> |  `label`  | `string` | Entitles the `store-address` block when rendered on the UI. | `Store address` |

Reviewer: No need to add the extra space :) The former version is better to read and edit the file, and it works just fine once rendered!

#### `store-hours` props

| Prop name |   Type   |                        Description                        | Default value. |
| :-------: | :------: | :-------------------------------------------------------: | :------------: |
|  `label`  | `string` | Entitles the `store-hours` block when rendered on the UI. | `Store hours`  |

> | `format`  |  `enum`  |    Hour format. Possible values are : `12h` and `24h`.    |     `24h`      |

Reviewer: No need to add the extra space :) The former version is better to read and edit the file, and it works just fine once rendered!

#### `store-instructions` props

| Prop name |   Type   |                           Description                            | Default value |
| :-------: | :------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----------: |

> |  `label`  | `string` | Entitles the `store-instructions` block when rendered on the UI. | `Information` |

Reviewer: No need to add the extra space :) The former version is better to read and edit the file, and it works just fine once rendered!
